# Software-Engineering-Data-IT-Careers-RoadMap
Descripting the Fundementals Paths for Modern IT jobs a\
Download the pdf file for detailed course URLs a\
https://github.com/mahmoudashraf/Software-Engineering-Data-IT-Careers/blob/main/Modern_IT_Careers.pdf
![Untitled Workspace (3)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4873795/135936566-b9ff3305-1147-44cc-a81b-ac57c57e235b.jpg)


# Start Here - Fundementals
MIT's Introduction to Computer Science and Programming Using Python  a\
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRJdqdXieSHN0U9AdnmwD-9QcR9hmw04d  

Data Structures and Algorithms Specialization
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/data-structures-algorithms

Intro to Database Systems  
https://m.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLSE8ODhjZXjbohkNBWQs_otTrBTrjyohi  

MIT 6.824 Distributed Systems  
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLrw6a1wE39_tb2fErI4-WkMbsvGQk9_UB  

Distributed Systems  
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLrjkTql3jnm9FEOXHA_qjR-TMODlaIk-W  

Distributed Systems lecture series  
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLeKd45zvjcDFUEv_ohr_HdUFe97RItdiB  

Berkeley CS 162 Operating Systems  
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRdybCcWDFzCag9A0h1m9QYaujD0xefgM  

Networks (in Arabic)  
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLy_2fgXkPiZuMaG9Jmp8PAwimIumf19hp  

Web Server and Application Server  
https://youtu.be/thJSev60yfg  

Introduction to Computer Networks  
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLBlnK6fEyqRgneraVKkEXrwyLVx2vJUvt  
 
Introduction to Modern Application Development  
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLJ5C_6qdAvBEJ6-TBzKoa1Ov21lwDzJfM  


# Data Strucure & Algorithms
https://www.udacity.com/course/data-structures-and-algorithms-nanodegree--nd256
Algorithms Design Manual a\
Comptitive Programming 4 books1,2a\



# Data:
Power BI  
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLof3yw6ZFPFhV75Ptf-5Q88bgUtLOBvOw  

Analyze & Visualize Data with Power BI  
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL1N57mwBHtN0JFoKSR0n-tBkUJHeMP2cP  

ETL Practice  
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxNoJq6k39G_R3AA108CLE8w6n_CCCmDf  

BigData Engineering  
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxNoJq6k39G_m6DYjpz-V92DkaQEiXxkF  

Hadoop & Distributed Systems  
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxNoJq6k39G8Ak39PDC-oYvp6ZRvIn3Pa  



# Machine Learning:
End-to-end machine learning project in Arabic
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLCmrNpr7ilqMWmNma8PjgkyEG72saZ1yn

Mathematics for Machine Learning Specialization
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/mathematics-machine-learning

Prbability Statistics
https://www.khanacademy.org/math/statistics-probability

Machine Learning -Andrew Ng
https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning

Become a Machine Learning Engineer
https://www.udacity.com/course/machine-learning-engineer-nanodegree--nd009t


# DevOPS
Containerization  
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxNoJq6k39G8zg-t26bV-JGLokr0mgNKk 

Become a Cloud DevOps Engineer
https://www.udacity.com/course/cloud-dev-ops-nanodegree--nd9991
